I said, I admit,
You did a great job indeed,
But being too accurate can cause problems,
The young master is still satisfied with this matter,
If you can help me to adjust the name, here is the first-hand customary tune to disprove you.
Master, please take a look,
This matter was carried out as soon as the new country was established, but all these things,
They are from the Wan family, yes, they are from the Wan family.
But, it does not affect that he is also a member of the Jiangge Group.
I found out that his real name is Zhang Qing
Jangho Group has developed overseas for decades, Chairman Zhang
I'm afraid this is also your plan.
So what
little player
It's my electric foot
What I'm missing
Ministry of Electric Power Exhibits the World
Mother's remaining time
So China is a part of our Jiangho Group
You are the mother queen presiding over
Then make your plan
King Xing Hui Hui
Wanjia has been declining
Everyone will handle it like that
You Jianghe Group are secretly
There's no place to take a bath like this
It's a pity that I'm so small for you, right?
If I hadn't found these five pieces of rice ribbons
How can we fall into our trap?
No need to offend Zuoren, Zuoren, don’t talk about me